Fridays are holidays now, what can I say these are some good breaks from hectic work life. 4 day week is something I like to think as a welcome addition to my schedule.

Lately, I have been listening **Minecraft Songs**, yeah I know.
These songs maybe the reason I am writing this whatever entry.

These songs the tune, they have changed lives, many have seen people perish, have suffered hard times, have lost friend & family, so much pain endured during day, to comeback home, and join your own world, a distraction from whats in your life so you can for a while be in that state of peace.

---
## Minecraft: My story

Minecraft has been one of those most memorable type of games for me. Ofcourse gaming was / is part of my life. 
The Worth of minecraft can be explained as a friend who only listens and provides peace at any point of interaction.
First, touched minecraft on my Toshiba on 7th standard, 1.12.5 released.
That year my opa perished, still remember when I got the new, I was building a pickaxe for my new world.
‘The Life’ as I like to call it has / is not easy for me, nor is it for anyone. 
But everytime I hear these songs of minecraft, I just feel calm, nostalgic? I don’t think so, just calm, no thoughts, no tensions, no anger, no expressions just calm. Very less things in life provide this kind of pleasure.
It has mainly due to fact that my rich history with these songs or should I say with the Game itself. Me and Jayesh just building things, so many hours of just dumb fun enjoying each others company. All alone times spent in singleplayer worlds. When Life became harder, Minecraft become single source of happiness.
All those nights, came home from basketball fully exhausted, knowing I have to go to school tmrow, yet this one game helping me just get that motivation to continue my efforts to get better.
In high school, ICAD basically, while pandemic was depressing and so were studying hard and not getting the result, between my self doubt and my sanity stood this game, helping me ride the thin edge between staying sain and completely loosing it.
Who would have ever though that, a lego like block game where you are alone in world can help so many people, including me!
I can’t express how important this single game is for me, it has become a way of life, these songs have became part of me, and minecraft has / will continue to be part of my story for any amount of foreseen future.

__Long Live MineCraft__

---

Signing Off,
Regards
Ishad